hello people are welcome but one
video on the channel and today I'll go
bring a video here I'm finally from
back with another gameplay video
video that people from a game who is in
development have not put alpha star
right that is the bric runner in the version
10.1 3.4 in the race and how exactly they
the world I think thousand thousand opinion
soon the meeting talking he will be
the Maine maine substitute means
I said I said no to minecraft
That's it, guys, in this game, I
I found him to be a real guy.
said
the game developer actually told me
said and that game was it's being
very developed clear magic can see
some optimizations in the graphs as
You see here the granny is the background
the clouds predict that I tested had not
and now there is this is the map that I
I downloaded it and it's actually I 'm here to
divulge the game to you that the sound that
I say will be the substitute minecraft
yes he seems to be is different like this
how the strike was for the time so here I
I'm not creative, you're going to have a survival
it is still in full swing
development
this was the map that I downloaded there nobody
will be the ups close the game
guys I play I closed unintentionally but
I'm here to spread the word to
you
he is already with 31
players very few people know
smart but has enough
views it will consist of
two modules as well as you
will see and believe and I'm here mode
creative is obvious and if you pass here
will have less secrecy here on the side and
appear the blocks you can place and
this map that I downloaded actually I already
I saw it was from r calls the parent guideline
I downloaded a link that will also have
the inscription is for you to see how it is
what is
and it's so I do not know that this map is
right but I see this game before
of this update and he had almost no
Nothing and I want to make some videos.
always when some update comes out
of this game is the graphics as
You already said that it's enough to weigh you.
probes here I'm running at 25 frames
per second and it's a small thing because my
pc he i thought he would hold
so much so but it 's not rolling smooth
This is great because the sim game game has
great graphics and good personal right and how
here to spread the word I saw the game I go
show that a little bit for you is
an item 3 layers where you could
possibly put and blocks items etc
as we do not know the right purpose
of the game still because the game leaving it
is still under development and here it is
several blogs for example land and something
very curious and innovative game that has
good idea from developers went to
layers galera type a f1 is f same f 1
you modify the background f2 objects
and f3 where the pizzetti player by
For example I picked up the grass what
either as right will disappear still have
two more layers behind the acclaimed
play where the player may fall out of effect
and layer 2 would be objects that are
there behind it and that's great and
background there and so on.
is in some way innovative
and ops first game
I'll play again, but it's finally
here, please continue to apply
outline of the game you can zoom out and
zhu min with chrome
here you can also move
the hand of your little affection that we alone
that I could not get there, my right hand
And the left hand is on, that's it.
Beautiful, I just could not do it.
gatabakana wrong button do not let the
head
the right left arm and etc for this
I still do not know what's going to work but have
many things one can keep in hand
here tools that will be
available in survival mode I want to see
that this map serves because it does not
seems to be nothing much
so galera oil was ken keen
I did again okay guys is me
I wanted to explore the sea ​​whatever I
I downloaded and got the ipp out here and I do not know
because it serves so we will send you
front here will it seem like a
part I think is not conceived no more
Anyway, this game is for now and the
I think it's okay because it looks good
of obstacles but anyway, this is it
This was the beckham video and we want to
bring more videos of this game when
have new updates 77 and of course
whenever possible I think that the
developers will watch this video
so if you can give a like and
show to your friends to pick up
enough visualizations for them to see
Raja, kidding, but this is it people
the video will stop here hope
You liked this game more
updates soon when the game comes out
I'm going to make a great series, I
I'll wait and see you until the next time.
such